university that's our sister station
w-a-e-r plays dialogue conspiracy
every week we send the tapes back there
i talked to the students at syracuse and
they were just beautiful we have
beautiful friends way across the country
i thought about when i was there at the
opposite end of the coast at new york
city
new york university in the state of new
york syracuse
these marvelous people crowding around
on the floor packed in
and then the speech was videotaped in
the dormitories and the library
and intelligent questions and and i hope
i answered them right
but the vibes were so good it was like
an executive action here in carmel
the the people were really with what is
happening they want to know more and
they absorb the information like a
sponge and i gave out a reading list of
bibliography like i do when i talked to
the colleges
and it was a really worthwhile and
valuable trip
and they listened to dialogue conspiracy
back there i'm starting a college class
beginning this wednesday which i'm
excited about at monterey peninsula
college
humanities 195. it's going to be a two
unit credit
on conspiracies and assassinations and i
will attempt to separate
fact from phishing fiction and try
to show each student or person who
attends the class how they can take the
daily news and
relate that information or documentation
to a framework of conspiracies and begin
to separate
things like the san francisco scene the
symbonese army
any current scenes plus the past
political assassinations how they could
take information
data witness testimony evidence trial
lawyers prosecution lawyers and see if
it fits
a set diagram of conspiracies because
they all
have a set diagram that class begins
this wednesday i don't know of any other
college course giving credit
on the history of conspiracies and
assassinations in the united states
there have been night schools in the
free university
but i believe this is the first college
course for
credit and the course will be taped and
hopefully i can get into a book then
some form of a book for other colleges
and other researchers on how to study
conspiracies the bulk of my research in
the past year went in to three areas uh
i've had the outline for many books on
the john kennedy assassination but the
news was coming in so fast
this last year that i centered on three
areas
and one was the watergate the areas of
that that i was interested in are the
chains of commands of the specific
assassinations
the wall is shooting the chappaquiddick
affair
and the white house plumbers because
those are the
operatives or teams that are involved in
the big manipulations
now a lot of hanky-panky went on at
the committee to reelect the president
but the important thing was that the
southern strategy and with wallace not
being a candidate
20 to 26 million votes went to richard
nixon and with the chappaquiddick affair
ted kennedy was eliminated
so a bulk of my watergate work last year
was
into the manipulation of people again
that were killed related
to the elections to the watergate affair
and the major
violence as the wall is shooting and the
married competition murder to affect
that election i also began in the
beginning of 73
to go into the study of the school at
ucla that was going to
examine the causes of violence ronald
reagan gave his state of the state
message
in january 1973 that ucla was going to
have a
section to study the causes of violence
and they would be cured by 1975 and
knowing
ronald reagan and knowing the way this
country was going
i spent the bulk of the year collecting
as much information as i could
on that specific school down at ucla the
school
cia connections it's a government front
information
center for electrodes behavior
modification
and they were going to use a night base
out in topanga canyon to put electrodes
in the brains of prisoners it's tied
into nasa
delgado dr delgado from yale university
and who gets his money from navy
intelligence and dr ross at
ucla who does work on brain
experimentation
if the federal funds for the particular
doctors
a million dollars was given to boston
university
through elliot richardson to get started
on studying why
blacks riot and they want to come to
conclusion look for some evidence that
you have brain disease if you object to
poverty
and oppression and job deprivation and
starvation and so forth you must have
brain disease
so the federal government gave them a
million dollars and then one of those
doctors swung out to ucla
to continue to be on the faculty out
there dr jolly west was to head that
faculty they still hope to get that
school through
he was the doctor that was with jack
ruby that said he had a one-minute
epilepsy
and they want to equate epilepsy with
violence when there's no proof that
epileptics are violent
but they don't want to say ruby was a
member of the syndicate or organized
crime
so dr jolly west is out there working
with them
dr delegato is a political man who works
with this whole team from yale he is the
man
who says the individual may think that
the most important factor reality is his
own existence
but that is only his personal point of
view a relative frame of reference which
is not shared by the rest of the living
world
dr delgado says we have to implant
electrodes in the brain
and control human beings because our
self-importance lacks historical
perspective
these quotations are from the
congressional record of february
1972 dr delgado for the bree this is
what he says for the pre-existence of
one person
should be considered in terms of the
world population mankind and the whole
universe
man does not have the right to develop
his own mind
develop his own unique potential while
remaining independent and
self-sufficient
this kind of liberal orientation has
great appeal
unfortunately its assumptions are not
supported by neurophysiological
and psychological studies of
intercerebral mechanisms
we must electrically control the brain
and someday armies and generals will be
controlled
by electrical stimulation of the brain
so i spent a lot of time
working last year on the watergate and
on the ucla school for non-violence
and then i also spent a lot of time
working
on the problem of the san quentin six
and prison conspiracies and the men
that were held at the time that george
jackson was killed
um i want to say that the san quentin 6
case while i was away was the most
exciting thing that came down and i may
as well jump to that right now for those
of you
who aren't filled in for this uh in
august 21st 1971 george jackson was
murdered
in california the prison system said we
can't have another cleaver and we don't
want jackson out
you can see why they didn't want jackson
had when this young man
in north carolina goes off to prison
carrying a book of george
jackson he's influenced a lot of people
three guards and two
inmates were murdered and i'm going to
do a run down here because the san
quentin sticks in case
any of you didn't hear of it and didn't
know the news because the news was so
hushed
the indictments were dropped on that
charge and i worked very very hard on
that and i
was so excited when i read about in new
york that i called out to california to
see i couldn't believe it was true after
two and a half years of
what these men went through that all the
indictments were dropped the
grant the grand jury was called an
inquisition the men that said they were
uh that had killed these three guards
and two inmates six men were held for
those murders
and one man walked off the grand jury
forever and said it was an inquisition
one walked away but came back later the
san quentin six
are fleet of drumgo larry spain hugo
pannell david johnson louis talimance
and willie tate
they spent two and a half years in
solitary confinement they've been beaten
their life has been threatened daily the
death penalty was pushed by attorney
general evil younger and ronald reagan
specifically for the radical prisoners
and they were warming up the gas chamber
for these particular fellows
there were a series of lawsuits that
they placed six of them
on their behalf before the trial started
one was a one million dollar suit by the
six
because they were assaulted beaten and
threatened daily the suit was filed june
72.
there is a second suit illegal suit to
remove the chains and shackling they
went to court
and their wrists were bleeding and
swollen their angles were cut and they
asked
that these chains be removed and they
had a suit against
the prison system for that they had a
suit
of legal delays and a series of legally
delays to get the attorneys of their
choice
rather than state appointed they tried
over and over again
to get their own attorneys and not the
one that the prosecution assigned to
them
there was a lawsuit for illegal
confinement in the strip cells when they
were thrown in the strip sales
they'd say it's illegal the guard would
say get a lawyer now all these men
five are black one chicano hugo pannell
they don't have the money for lawyers
they had this big suit coming out
they said just get a lawyer there was a
suit against putting them in the inhuman
strip cells
there was also a lawsuit by al mancino
for 450
000 he was an inmate at san quentin
he claims that he was beaten by the
guards and tortured until he had to name
those particular six
to get an indictment he is now living in
seattle on parole
he said the day of the shootout when
george jackson was killed all the
prisoners were stripped and chained and
forced to lie
naked in the courtyard and they were
shot by he was shot by the guard
in the lake and he was left without any
medical attention that he mentions in
his suit and he was forced to undergo
surgery
without any anesthetic it's like hugo
pannell telling at his trial they decide
to pull out a tooth
and they say let the dogs suffer and
they pull it out with pliers they
wouldn't let the prison assistant
have a dental instrument and they pulled
out with pliers and when he was bleeding
and in pain crawling back to his cell
they knocked out another two they
knocked another tooth and broke it
mancino claims he had no medical
attention or anesthetic
and then they put a hood over his head
and they beat him to make him name
fellow inmates so they could prosecute
these six
uh radicals in the prison that were
friends of george jackson's
well that was a 450 000 dollar suit that
was placed then
superior court judge vernon stoll
came had another case come before him
and this is the one where they
asked that their charges be dropped
because they said the grand jury in
marin county that indicted them
did not represent any blacks browns or
minorities
they said that we're low it no low
income blacks chicanos blue-collar
workers or youth and
judge stole in january granted the
defense
motion and challenge that challenged the
composition
of the grand jury i got a letter from
hugo pannell one of the defendants that
i
have written to it so many times daily
you know just very very close to in one
section of the letter
uh one paragraph this is what he said
people have been so wonderful to us that
it is hard for me to express my
gratitude
would you believe that this nicaraguan
cat is supposed to be the most dangerous
man in the prison system of this state
cried tears of joy for all those people
who want justice
well i did and i kept smiling laughing
from deep inside
totally unashamed but i did it for the
righteous they have suffered
laughed and cried for us and i can't see
myself
disattaching from the human race some of
the six will get out soon and a whole
lot of innocent people
will benefit from judge stole's decision
that was part of hugo cannell's letter
to me this is the year of the judges
i'm moving along rather fast now this is
the year of the judges
judge john soreka kept the watergate
story alive and kicking
and he made the cover of time not that i
think much of time magazine but it was a
pleasure
not to see the face of john mitchell or
richard nixon
as the man of the year this time judge
byrne who who
according to many documents i have
worked with district attorney evil
younger
in los angeles at the time helping kept
the lid on the robert kennedy
assassination
came clean this time around and threw
out the ellsberg case
and refused to nail ellsberg
throughout the whole case and judge
byrne reversed his role as being a
member of the team
judge vernon stole throughout the san
quentin six case and then another judge
came
across this year and that was in in
sixth quest
the sixth u s circuit court of appeals
in cincinnati ohio on january the
thirtieth nineteen seventy three the
judge ordered an evidentiary hearing to
determine the validity of james ray's
claim that he was coerced into pleading
guilty
march the 10th 1979 1966
579. now that was 1969 for the murder of
martin luther king i've got my dates
mixed up here james earl ray
claims that he's been spent the last
four
or five years and plus 14 months in
solitary confinement in nashville
tennessee
he's in a cell six by five six feet by
five feet on a
concrete slab a concrete slab for a door
a slot for his food he's had no exercise
or son
for five years he has a minimum legal
contact with the outside world and the
only man who's meeting him now
is an author who works with the cia
brother of priscilla johnson
who also works with marina oswald and so
james ray doesn't know the chain of
command that this particular
uh writer that's working with him now is
also linked with the central
intelligence agency he thinks he finally
has an author
but he has a member of the secret team
in with him now those are the only
people
who get to see him he was apprehended at
london
airport and he said it was a setup he
denies his guilt
he says he did not kill martin luther
king he was convicted as a lone assassin
and sentenced to 99 years in prison he
says
that his trouble started when they
allowed him to escape
from missouri that's when the cell was
open his brother visited him one day
his brother works for the state's rights
party the american nazi party and
the warden worked as a lawyer with the
bay of pigs group the anti-castro cubans
the celt was opened and he
went to a trailer which was waiting and
there was wine and food
he stayed overnight went on up to canada
where he met with a man
a cuban he says by the name of ral
r-a-o-u-l
in the watergate case e howard hunt
wrote a book called the coven
which he uses the alias jonathan galt
but he also in
another book uses the name rao and raoul
gaddaf
g-o-d-o-v is the name the virgilio
gonzalez of the watergate group the
cuban used he used the name rao
mr gonzalez of the watergate group a
gold the name
jonathan galt that's in the novel the d
howard hunt wrote
the coven which has to do with a black
man who was killed
galt was one of the aliases that james
ray used the names i could go on but
this isn't i talk about aliases
today but james ray talks about raoul
that he met and raoul
was the name one of the names used by
gonzalez who is also a cuban
he said raul told him to buy a specific
rifle
arrive at memphis on a certain day take
a certain route at a certain time
be waiting in a white mustang and james
ray had never been in memphis before in
his life he said he was led step by step
and set up by the real killers of martin
luther king
arthur haynes who was the first lawyer
for ray who was taken off the case said
that he used to work for the cia and he
said there was a conspiracy it was
either
the cia or red china and when you look
at the links i'm sure
that if they justice department wanted
to find who martin luther king was
murdered by and if it was read china
they would love
to have gone into the evidence instead
of covering it up so one has to conclude
that it's more than likely it was a cia
than red china
haynes was taken out of the case and cia
lawyer percy foreman
took over he's the gentleman from
houston texas who fought civil rights
who made
james ray plead guilty and he gave him
eight
uh two names james ray gave foreman two
names to look into one had to do with
organized crime and the teamsters
the other one had a man by the name of
osborne
who he said he had contact with well
osborne was a man who was
disbarred from tennessee
and he died shortly bef well before this
exposure came out
uh in a recent interim period between
when james ray was put in jail and when
he used the name osborne
mr osborne has died it's interesting
that he mentioned osborne from tennessee
because sitting on the bus going to
mexico city with lee harvey oswald was a
mr osborne from tennessee
alias john howard bowen and i heard from
brad fensterwald a mr osborne the same
one that sat
with oswald going to mexico was stabbed
and killed in alice texas just about a
year or so ago
so it'd be interesting to know if the
osborne from tennessee involved the
james ray case that died was the same
one that was stabbed
the bernard fencer all mentioned
fensterwald is the attorney
for james ray's case that just got
reconsidered in the court of appeals in
ohio
james ray is trying to fight being taken
to springfield missouri he claims that
this is a federal hospital famous for
lobotomies that they'll alter his mind
and that he's afraid of the surgeons and
electronics and he's on to what would
happen he's trying to fight that so this
year
is the year of the judges with judge
sariga judge byrne judge stool
and the circuit court of appeals where
two judges a decision of two to one
i don't have their names said that james
ray may
open up his case and provide evidence of
what happened
in memphis tennessee i hope ray lives
and is able
to go through with all of this now this
next
year 1974 i'm going to be working
on mostly the ucla school for violence
and material that i turned over
i worked on it so much this last year
i've gotten deeply involved in it
and the article that i'm going to be
doing the next one for
the realist will be in to mind control
electrode planting
trying to link it to federal funding
possibly the used
foundation because the money that howard
use gives from his medical foundation
for
tax deductions goes to boston
to yale university ucla and houston and
these are the centers where the brain
implantations are taking place
and because nasa and the space agencies
are involved
and tied in with howard using because
his funding is going to these particular
places
i want to bring out in the article our
our tax dollars going into the
implantation of electrodes
in order to create violence in order to
hasten our own
police state the san francisco killings
that are going on now they've been
called in december there was a rash of
them they were called
senseless killings in the newspaper uh
january now there's a rash of more
killings two witnesses that were shot
that lived referred
to the people who shot at them as
zombies now that's a strange description
unless you're aware
of just how much they could be zombies
you see lawrence kwong
is a gentleman who went to a private
detective earlier in the year and told
him that he was programmed to kill at
kgo that he always had was tuned into
kgo
and he was ordered to kill and the
detective ignored him
as the story couldn't possibly be true
and lawrence kwang went to kgo
and killed a man there who works inside
the office that went down the street
and killed himself herbert mullen
went to before his trial and said
he killed a priest up at los gatos he
said i did it on orders i was told to do
it i was taking orders
the national caucus of labor committee
just in the last interim that i've been
off the air
had a press conference in which they
maintained that
the br rcia working in britain had
programmed
a christopher white to come back and
kill lynn marcus
and members of the national caucus of
labor committee and these people
several of them are being deprogrammed
now and providing the information of
where in london
and what procedures were used to program
to become zombies to come back to
america to kill
in san francisco you have people saying
they look like zombies
there's a famous case written up by
doctors mark
and sweat and urban from massachusetts
and they live in boston they're on the
faculty of harvard university
they wrote a study a book on violence as
being
caused by this mental disease and they
based it on riots done in detroit and
they're the ones that got a million
dollar funding from the justice
department through eliot richardson
um their fa they gave in their book four
cases
of success with their psychosurgery to
end violence
and two of the witnesses aren't to be
found nobody can find where they are one
girl julia
that was written up in life magazine in
terms of delgado that man that i quoted
earlier
julia is a complete vigil with no
reasoning power had no
ability for intelligence and doesn't
play her guitar they reduced it to a
zombie and then the fourth person
that they operate on goes by the medical
name of thomas
r who they protected and wrote in their
book as thomas r but he turned out to be
leonard kylie k-i-l-l-e
and his mother has a two million dollar
lawsuit against these doctors because
they put electric wires in his brain
and he invented the land camera this
particular man is a well-known
inventor who lived in boston that was
put into a hospital who had no instances
of violence the first violence he had
was when he found out they were going to
put these wires in his brains and he did
everything
to try and stop it but they went ahead
and got him under the control of
medication and got
a somewhat of a permit slip admitting
that they were already working in the
brain while they were getting
the permit slip and this man later came
out from boston massachusetts was put in
veterans hospital in los angeles
and was writing about murder and being
programmed to murder
all over the walls and the veterans
hospital wrote to boston these doctors
who were using federal money and asked
them what's wrong with this man and they
were so ashamed of their electrodes they
had planted in him
that they didn't even say what surgical
procedures they had done
so that they discharged him as a total
misfit he's home
and he i don't think he can walk or do
any inventions or reasoning he's just
reduced to a vegetable
and his family has a two million dollar
suit going that was a great success of
the justice department
removing the brain mutilation of a
scientist
so i'm working together and all of these
men in the san francisco
bay area lawrence quang herbert mullen
uh edmund
camper have all been to honolulu and
fraser
wit in the company of a woman and one of
the men went immediately to honolulu in
the next they went into an army
hospital so what i'm trying to do is to
put together
also thomas r was put into the hospital
in boston for surgery
on the orders or it taken there by his
so-called wife
and she claimed he was paranoid he said
that um
she had another man and and they said he
would get violent he threw something
around the house it never hit anybody so
that's why they mutilated his brain
and the minute his brain was destroyed
she married the man that he
said that she was interested in so this
woman had him committed just like
maureen oswald met lee harvey oswald
and had two meetings with him but the
proposal came
at the time that he was a hot in a
hospital in the soviet union for 10 days
i'm working on a book i've mentioned on
the other shows where we controlled and
i'm trying to show in the use of women
and getting these men having the brain
mutilation and
and the california men each going to
honolulu who paid their fare
each one of them supposedly not having
anything and i'm trying
to work and and create a script here
that is presentable for people to read
to see the relationships of the mass
murders that are taking place like in
houston texas the trial now
of henley this young boy that accused of
uh
killing dean carell the homosexual
massacres
the dr oda family in santa cruz the
sharon tate la bianca murder in l.a the
juan corona trying to link it to a
homosexual thing which it wasn't
up north edmond kemper killing eight
women in santa cruz herbert mullin 10
persons the san francisco violence is
the oakland killings
the boston fire where this woman was set
far to instigate a race war i'm trying
to document the patterns of the doctors
the hospitals
how the men got into hospitals what ways
they were railroaded in
and to show what we have actually is a
large psych war that's taking place
right now a psychological warfare
the intent the motive behind the
psychological warfare
is this as we have machines in factories
people
become expendable and the population is
over exploding anyway there are too many
people on this earth according to nasa
and the supersite
and you require extermination so you do
away with mental hospitals
and you put those people inside of
prisons and if you can show that mass
murders are done by
unpredictable formal mental patients
then they can pick
up potentially violent people which i'm
studying the
programming of children from infancy and
on and studying them
in the school system you can pick up the
potentials which means
you're really getting the potential
political leaders that would catch on
to all of this oppression that is taking
place
there was an article this last january
that just a week or so ago january 20th
which is very important
and all your listeners can take down the
information make a few notes begin
writing letters to your congressman
about this
the articles by norman melnick science
writer
not apup it's the lead article is 105
million dollar hospital is going to be
built at travis air force base
now that's the air force base that this
particular mr brown flew from two or
three times to england
supplying weapons for violence it was
going to take place over in
england we'll go into that too the santa
barbara team and the travis air force
over in england
but this article says a new generation
hospital will be built at travis air
force base it's 105 million the most
expensive hospital ever built the united
states
now we assume the war is over in asia we
have a big hospital in fort ord on the
west coast but this is the biggest in
the united states for what
now it's isolated on any 82 acres
at the air base parkway now listen to
this the
hospital outpatient care is a one-stop
medicine
for the patients now this sounds like
auschwitz this means
all the needs the treatment the
laboratory the analysis the drug
prescription will be accomplished
without your leaving the examining room
you go in one room and everything you
need is taken care of in one room
the multi-million dollar network of
electronic and computerized systems will
make this a one-phase
medical possibility now listen to this
mr hood who's in charge of it colonel
oliver hood
said he put his restrictive language on
the hospital in this way
since the new hospital is a prototype or
test bed
project some of the concepts to be
included may be controversial
and not universally accepted at this
time
when you study the nazis and i'm
studying the nazi extermination because
the psychiatrists were using gas
chambers two years before hitler thought
of extermination they were taking the
mental patients away
and some of the more violent prisoners
systematically using their
their systems to cremate and burn as an
addicts of those hospitals
this is a one-room hospital that is not
universally accepted right now
but if you get enough violence in san
francisco and around the country and
everywhere and if people get afraid of
each other
and don't know who to turn to it'll be
universally accepted to sweep certain
elements up
and give them a one-day treatment at 105
million
hospital at travis air force base now
there's another article that follows
this
it was in the san francisco chronicle
dated december the 13th
1973 alaska pipeline
new worry the senate is concerned this
associated press the senate is concerned
that construction of a huge alaska oil
pipeline
will result in more mental illness in
the 49 state
the senators this week voted a 150 000
study to determine if alaska has a
facility to treat the problem
mental illness because the oil pipeline
the congress has a report of a 1.8
billion
supplemental health from the department
of health education welfare the
committee report
said there is serious economic and
and social dislocation in alaska
attributable to the pipeline
construction that will more than likely
give rise to increased
incidence of mental health problems
among the people of alaska
now do you think a 1.8 billion
supplemental appropriation
bill or 150 000 study
is really because the natives of alaska
going to freak out at that pipeline
how wide is that pipeline what this is i
fear is an
extermination or removal they say the
social dislocation
of people will cause mental illness and
i think
that the emphasis of mental illness and
nasa
and the space agencies and what they
plan to do and what they're already
doing
is so frightening that we have to
investigate what kind of mental illness
is going into alaska
that fits in with closing off just
before i went off the air
in november we're trying closing off
12.5 million
acres of land in california that you
can't get in or out to see
and now you have this new travis air
force hospital and then you have
the 66 gate airport at dallas fort worth
is removed from town far removed from
town
and all this could be used for
transporting populations mass population
transportation we'll be talking in
the shows to come also about in order in
order to eliminate the mental hospitals
we're going to go into the egg sources
the propaganda of the moving air sources
maybe next week we'll do a whole show on
ronald reagan want to do away with
mental hospitals that was overturned the
first time in over 25 years
that the governor's veto was overturned
just in california this week but the
important thing is a scene in the movie
the exorcist
where the mother of the young girl goes
to the psychiatrist and he says there
isn't any more we can do
the psychiatrist can't go any further so
you have to go to god
we've gone as far as he can go and you
go to the church
well who's behind the movie the exorcist
we'll go into it longer
people that made the movie said that one
of the advisors was a man
who studied behavior modification for
stopping smoking
patrick frawley of shik razor
technicolor devout catholic
sponsor richard nixon ronald reagan the
arch conservative has eight
six centers for control of smoking due
to behavior modification
a public relations firm helps in los
angeles affiliated with loyola
a university a public relations firm
that works for ed
for patrick fraley ed butler worked with
lee harvey oswald he was involved with
the smear of the manson case trying to
make it a black
race war where they wrote death to the
pig on the door he's army intelligence
was at the public relations firm that
worked with the exorcist it's going to
turn us all to catholicism
and away from the psychiatrist other
catholic priests help from georgetown
university to make the movie and
georgetown is the headquarters of the
cia
training school well you can see in the
interim that we have
taken a vacation from there that i've
been
very busy i've been saving articles
saved
during the week every article on hit and
miss
murders that you think are murders uh
that motiveless crimes senseless crimes
cut them out if you take a paper put
them in a box and save them and save
articles on mind control
behavior modification and the kind of
things i'm talking to
about because i think in the next
interim in the next year or two you're
going to see a groundswell
towards this return to prayer get the
evil out of you there's evil in all of
us
instigate the race war like in san
francisco the murders they called it
operation zebra right away because four
blacks were involved
keep a record of these things will be
back next week
and this is where we're going to go in
74 into the area of the mind control as
related to the past political
assassinations